you
court death
Xu Ming
Humph boy came to News Corporation to make trouble
You are courting death you fuck
Why don't you just walk back to your jade pendant?
I can't tell you what to do.
I didn't take the jade pendant seriously at all, did I?
I forgot.
Dai Zhouxin goes first
Pay him for this pill
What about you?
I was having a chat with these two foreign friends
Then be careful
Xiaosan, what takeaway did you use? Write guess
No matter what you say
You'd better get down on your knees and bark like a dog
And you slap yourself in the face and say
You middlemen are our dogs who serve our country
Hahahahahahahahahaha
Won't interview how I'm doing
Hahahaha, that's it.